# Contributing to Spurte

## Before you Contribute
Before you begin contributing to this project, you should take a look at the [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project, you agree that your contributions follow this conduct.

If you are making a relatively large contribution, you should back this up with a feature issue outlining the change and a breakdown of what the contribution contains, so that we can guide and assist with it.

## Contributing
Code contributions can be done by forking and cloning the fork of this repository, making necessary changes, and then making a pull request containing these changes. It is usually suggested that this contribution comes with a feature issue especially if it is a relatively big one.

Ensure that all tests pass with the given changes before submitting the pull request. If you are writing new tests, you can use the existing tests as guidelines.

## Contribution Cases
For most contributions, all you will need is to have the Dart SDK installed.

### Tools 
If your contribution is concerning the tools used in developing Spurte, such as the schema generator, you will need to have Node and `npm` installed. In the `tools/` directory, run 

```bash
npm install
```

to install the dependencies.

Once you are done making your changes, ensure all tests (if any) pass before making your pull request.

### Schema
If you are making contributions relating to the schema or configuration of Spurte, then you will need to make your contribution or issue in the [schema repository](https://github.com/spurte/schema) where the implementation of the Schema for Dart is found. The configuration object schema is autogenerated from the repository.